[Plugin] ReplyPingControl (#1975)
Vendicated/Vencord: src/plugins/replyPingControl/README.md

# ReplyPingControl

> Overrides notification settings for received reply pings to either always notify, or never notify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overrides notification settings for replies to your messages to either always notify, or never notify, regardless of if the author enabled reply mention or not
```
or something like that

## Settings
- **Enabled**: You will always be notified when someone replies to your messages, regardless of if the sender has reply pings enabled.
- **Disabled (Default)**: You will not receive notification pings for replies, regardless of if the sender has reply pings enabled.

> - **Whitelist**: You will be mentioned if any of the userIDs added to this reply to you, regardless of their ping setting or your ping setting. Formatted as comma seperated IDs, e.g. `145224646868860928,1017176847865352332`.

Reviewer 2: Rename to allowlist to be more inclusive

```suggestion
- **Allowlist**: You will be mentioned if any of the userIDs added to this reply to you, regardless of their ping setting or your ping setting. Formatted as comma seperated IDs, e.g. `145224646868860928,1017176847865352332`.
```

Reviewer 3: erm,.. ragebait or handicapped development⁉️🫩

## License

> This project is licensed under the GPL-3.0-or-later License - see file for details.

Reviewer: this line is redundant and can be removed. was this maybe added due to being in a third party repo?

unless you deliberately want it here, then you can leave it, but i would suggest adding your name
